there is a creature alive today who has
survived millions of years of evolution
without change without passion and
without logic it lives to kill a
mindless eating machine it will attack
and devour anything it is as if God
created the devil and gave him jaws
this is universals extraordinary motion
picture version of Peter Benchley's
best-selling novel jaws I just found out
that a girl got killed here last week
and you knew it you knew there was a
shark out there you know it was
dangerous anyway
[Music]
it's like a lodge you yell Barracuda
devices huh what you yell shark
we've got a panic on our hands on the
4th of July is it true that most people
get attacked by sharks in 3 feet of
water about ten feet from the beach yeah
what we are dealing with here is a
perfect engine an eating machine we're
not only gonna have to close the beach
we're gonna have to hire somebody to
kill the shark fish but I'll catch him
and kill it this shark swallow you whole
you're gonna need a bigger boat at the
20-footer 25 3 tons of them
[Music]
none of men's fantasies of evil and
compared with the reality of Jose Roy
Scheider Robert Shaw Richard Dreyfuss
jaws seeing before you go swimming
[Music]